hi to all youtube - we are small but with 4 as you can see we have
the antik batik film
coupon
lanzone
in this case
hair as we have already done to take a sphinx sport cruise shower
then also
microfibre cloth
instruction
card to remove
the bubbles that form at the end and as already shown
the seven sins cake if there is any indication of the number of surprises we see now
how to apply the product
read all we are going to clean the lower screen surely they are taxtel
surely it will be full typed
so I love or remove first
Once a surgeon was removed
we can give
a subsidiary
euros using a reflex light to see if it really is everything
affixed
Right now
I'm watching it.
in backlight
Ikea do not have greasy features
ned
powder
you could still go and ruin our application
in case there was
not aware of the dust not present I do not know who does not feel anything
you should use this tool
than that. has given to the removal of any dusts that do not exist
manages to take off because maybe you are in an environment anyway
little bit of dust or why
your opinion pro pts deteriorated license
proceed
I always recommend bitefight distilling to clean in a licata way
idea and easy to do p practically impossible to tie
once you have checked that our country has succeeded go to
take small amount barrel
fifa two-layer template car
lava
own films with stones
it is said to see slightly the height difference
and ed. support then
where the istat film pasted now we are going to remove the film
and let's open it
to ours
add font
take mine for example on the edge
and above all try to create as few border as possible of
simplified work
how do you see the bubbles with a minimum of patience
they come poetry
at the end of course you always give a gloss
as you can see the application tested easy
there have been no particular impediments
finish polishing
the terminal this way the application
we applied so many baxters in a few moments
with good satisfaction
opening requires use pisa first to say how it works
for the moment we salute you
soon I recommend you subscribe to the channel
a saludo desde translation
after 3 minutes firms
a moment to take care of polishing the surface 3 minutes scarce if own
I have to be honest as you can see the result of the application is
almost perfect there is no bubble on the entire surface
great thing
since in a few moments then
if the film is applied, the surface can be sold
practically perfect as you can see there is no defect
just a moment of patience give the film a couple of days because yes
elastics of a moment that establishes even better then
on the surface of the phone
it is said that I just wanted to remind you that within this cooperation
for example
found a sachet as we say to remember the shape of the f4
within which you find this type of screen protector this type is
beautiful unlike peer, beats you we just applied
love this difference only recently in the application
this film is specifically designed to exist graffiti
regarding the application on the screen instead
it does not differ much from what you have seen only that you have to remember come
there are two tabs, a bladed tongue
before application
barbara steisan a todd film any bubbles with imperfection
high assembly then the second - as you see the truth there are. two tabs
from the various ones
to complete this operation
and I recommend when you do and these applications of small amounts
lists
anyway applications of kate on the surface of your web-exposé like
you contract anyway you want
have a nice phone that is beautiful in the impose I recommend you always have
a moment of calm put on minute in + 2 minutes more
don't rush because
I risked nazareth protecting the screen
that anyway the -
of mortgages to realize or maybe even in reality
answer the tablets on the phone careers
obviously in the first case therefore the damage to the part of the screen in the
second case
they are positive I recommend you keep
always use a little bit of calm that doesn't hurt